Imagine a shop window in a large national department store. Central marketing has 50 such stores. They are micro-managers and would like to be able to control the window displays nationally. They get push-back from store managers who explain how much effort is involved to replace a whole window display. Clever Central Marketing propose a special technique based on mailed instructions. designed to guide store managers to maintain their displays to the national standard with the minimum of work.

Each window pane will be constructed according to the instructions in one named and colored envelope. Store managers are asked to retain all the envelopes resealed exactly as they were received in case they need to recreate the display after cleaning or calamity. However, keeping this copy will also accelerate future changes to the display as follows:

When central marketing wants to change some part of some the display, they send another complete copy of the display specification. Any envelope whose content DIDN'T change is sent with the same color as before. Any envelope whose content DID change is given a new color. Store managers can use this knowledge to update the window display with the minimum of effort. When attempting to update the display they compare the new set of envelopes with the previous set. If the color of one of the envelopes has changed, they replace that part of the display. Any envelopes which haven't changed are ignored.

Having used the previous copy to calculate the minimum change to update the display, the store managers throw away the old set, and keep only the new set.
